---
layout: post
title:  "Old Stuff"
date:   2015-02-12 14:59:44

---

To start of this blog, I will post some links.

I had a programming blog before but I didn't really use it very often. The most interesting thing there is probably the ["nav-mesh" I made with JavaScript](navmesh). It takes a set of polygons and computes shortest paths from one vertex to another. It was fun to make because I got to think about computational geometry. For example, the typical shortest path algorithm does not move *accross* polygons, so made an algorithm to generate a "visibility matrix": the graph that describes which nodes can "see" other nodes. (If the polygons are walls and the nodes are their corners, can one corner "see" another corner?) My algorithm for creating this visibility matrix was O(mn^2), where n is the number of nodes (corners) and m is the number of edges (walls): for every pair of nodes, check if the line they make intersects with a wall. I didn't like this runtime, but because it was just for fun and because I was inventing it, that's okay. I guess made that quite a while ago.

As you can probably tell from the address of this blog, it is hosted using github. So far on [my github page](github), all I have is a little [just-for-fun project](gh-node-algs), where I'm implementing classic data structures and algorithms with node.js. 
I also have a [little thing I've recently hacked together](gh-tpl-reviews) with JavaScript. It's an application that lets a user search the Toronto Public Library for books and then it will also search Amazon for the corresponding reviews for those books. I'm using Open Shift and their cloud to host it for free. You can [try it out for yourself](rhc-tpl). 


[github]:      https://github.com/willnewton10
[navmesh]:     http://willsprogramming.blogspot.ca/2013/05/navmesh-newer-wait-few-seconds-for-it.html
[gh-node-algs]:    https://github.com/willnewton10/node-algs
[gh-tpl-reviews]:  https://github.com/willnewton10/tpl-reviews
[rhc-tpl]:     http://tpl-wn10.rhcloud.com/